SwissalpSphp.git/README
author: Luke aka SwissalpS@LukeZimmermann.com
licence: Creative Commons where not specified otherwise.
group: developers tools
version(date): 20151229_160707
version(date): 20110205_220032

This is a collection of php classes, functions and snippets that I have found
usefull in the past.

Those in _external are hosted and maintained by others. Some have slightly been
modified to play well with some of my development systems

In _synergize there are mainly functions and classes that I wrote while learning
PHOCOA most are from PEAR

Generally a file beginning with 'SssS', abreviation of 'SwissalpS', was either
fully written by me, SwissalpS, or I have done reasonable changes to the original
script. Without the 'SssS' prefix, the file probably comes from someone else.
To be sure, look at the information in the files. Though they may lack some
commenting, the credits are there.

This is true for the base directory, the '_synergize', '_external' and 'TextWrangler' folders.
As of 20151229_160707 I am moving to namespaced code. This means the file names of my code, no longer begin with 'SssS' and are distributed into a tree that mimics the namespace.

Code by others will move to 'external' while '_external' is kept for compatibility with older systems.
Also the files in 'root' will remain for older PHP apps.

The namespaced classes also do not have an ending ? > tag and tend to use spaces instead of tabs for indentation and other traits over time to make my code more acceptable to the larger crowd.

.inc Extensions are php files with < ? php ? > tags and are not meant to output
	anything if included.

.phps are scripts that can be run from 'command line'

.php are either same as .inc or 'active' php scripts like index.php --> they
	output (x)html and may contain html. (as a rule of thumb)

.conf files are mostly php but may also be a configuration file of some other
	format.

.plist files are xml files defined and 'owned' (just the format) by Apple(tm)

.scpt files are Apple Script, also by Apple(tm) they may have other language
	scripts bundled inside

.SssStemplate files can be any text language (UTF-8, no BOM, Unix LF)
	they are used by the SssSphocoaGen system. Basically the generator replaces
	all '##labelXYZ##' with values from plist or deduced from host.

Packages that use parts of this package:
	SwissalpS/brainZphp
	SwissalpS/phocoa

Packages that this package may want to use:
	SwissalpS/phocoa
